Since not everyone is aware how to use python to run the script or use it, i edited the original script made some aditional changes, packed it into an easy to use exe file. 
So, everyone can use it.
# WireGuard-WarpConfig
Here are the setps:
- Download the official WireGuard:
https://www.wireguard.com/install/
- Open the App, Click on the + symbol on the bottom left corner and choose “Add Empty Tunnel…”
- On the new window, the app will generate new Private key and Public key. Keep this window open for the time being.
- This Pyton script will ask for the Public and Private keys generated by the WireGuard app.
- Simply copy and paste them from the app when requested.
- When the Pyton script completes, it will create a new CloudFlare WARP account,
and will save the config info in a file called “WARP-profile.conf”. Into the folder of the program.
- Copy the contents from the “WARP-profile.conf” file
and paste them inside the WireGuard app window (replacing the existing text).
Finally, name the connection “CloudFlare WARP” (or whatever you like) and click on “Save”.
- ->Click on “Activate” inside the WireGuard app to connect your PC to the CloudFlare WARP service.
- You can use the WireGuard profile on any OS that supports WireGuard, including Windows, macOS, Linux and Android.
# Other info, using existing license key
- If you have an existing account, for an example on your phone, you can use its license key to bind this device's account to that of your phone and share its Warp+ features.
- Please note that there is a limit of a maximum of 5 active linked devices.
- Make sure you have ran this script at least once to create an identity
Once you have the WARP.json file, open it in your favorite text editor and replace the license_key value with the license key of your other device.
- When you re-run this script, it will detect the change and automatically update your account.
# To see your account's license key on iOS or Android:
- .1. Open the 1.1.1.1 app
- .2. Click on the hamburger menu button in the top-right corner
- .3. Navigate to: Account > Key
Enjoy private internet !
Else, For new Identity Delete the existing configuration files, and Re-run the script !

# Source of the original project: 
https://github.com/ViRb3/cloudflare-warp-wireguard-client
